RHDEVDOCS-6184: Content creation to enable HA in Argo rollouts (#85013)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-configuring-high-availability-for-argo-rollouts.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/enabling-ha-support-for-argo-rollouts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-configuring-high-availability-for-argo-rollouts_{context}"]
= Configuring High Availability for Argo Rollouts

To enable HA in the `RolloutManager` CR, complete the following steps.

.Procedure

.  Log in to the {OCP} web console as a cluster administrator. 

. In the *Administrator* perspective, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Create or select the project where you want to create and configure a `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR) from the *Project* drop-down menu.

. Select *{gitops-title}* from the installed operators.

. In the *Details* tab, under the *Provided APIs* section, click *Create instance* in the *RolloutManager* pane.

. On the *Create RolloutManager* page, select the *YAML view* and edit the YAML.
+
.Example for enabling the `ha` field in the `RolloutManager` CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: RolloutManager
metadata:

>   name: argo-rollouts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: argo-rollouts
  namespace: openshift-gitops
```

Author: Fixed.

spec:
  ha:
    enabled: true #<1>
----
<1> Specifies whether HA is enabled or not. If the value is set to `true`, HA is enabled.

. Click *Create*.

. In the *RolloutManager* tab, under the *RolloutManagers* section, verify that the *Status* field of the RolloutManager instance shows as *Phase: Available*.

. Verify the status of the Rollouts deployment by completing the following steps:
.. In the *Administrator* perspective, click *Workloads* -> *Deployments*.
.. Click the *argo-rollouts* deployment.
+
As a result, the number of replicas in the Rollouts Deployment is set to 2 in the *Details* tab. Also, the following configuration is displayed in the *YAML* tab.
+
.Example: The Argo Rollouts deployment for enabling HA in the Deployments page
[source,yaml]
----

> kind: RolloutManager
> metadata:
>   name: argo-rollouts
>   namespace: openshift-gitops
> spec:
>   replicas: 2 #<1>
>   selector:
>     matchLabels:
>       app.kubernetes.io/name: argo-rollouts
>   template:
>     metadata:
>       creationTimestamp: null
>       labels:
>         app.kubernetes.io/name: argo-rollouts
>     spec:
>       containers:
>           args:
>             - '--leader-elect'
>             - 'true' #<2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: argo-rollouts
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  replicas: 2 #<1>
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: argo-rollouts
  template:
    metadata:
      creationTimestamp: null
      labels:
        app.kubernetes.io/name: argo-rollouts
    spec:
      containers:
          args:
            - '--leader-elect'
            - 'true' #<2>
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/enabling-ha-support-for-argo-rollouts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-configuring-high-availability-for-argo-rollouts_{context}"]

> = Configuring High Availability for Argo Rollouts

Author: Fixed.

> To enable HA in the `RolloutManager` CR, complete the following steps.

Author: Fixed.

> To enable high availability, configure the `ha` specificaiton in the `RolloutManager` CR by completing the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable high availability, configure the `ha` specification in the `RolloutManager` CR by completing the following steps:
```
typo :)

Author: Ugghhh, sorry about the typo. It shouldn't have been there. Maybe I need to find a spellchecker extension for my MVS editor. Fixed.

.Procedure

.  Log in to the {OCP} web console as a cluster administrator. 

. In the *Administrator* perspective, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Create or select the project where you want to create and configure a `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR) from the *Project* drop-down menu.

. Select *{gitops-title}* from the installed operators.

. In the *Details* tab, under the *Provided APIs* section, click *Create instance* in the *RolloutManager* pane.

> . On the *Create RolloutManager* page, select the *YAML view* and edit the YAML.

Reviewer 2: Nit: is `select the *YAML view*` correct? Should it be `select *YAML view*` or `select the *YAML* view`? (Might be worth double-checking.)

Author: It is select the YAML view as per step 6 of this [procedure](https://docs.openshift.com/gitops/1.14/argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.html#gitops-creating-rolloutmanager-custom-resource_using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery). I have reused content from this procedure because we need to follow steps from this section.

+
.Example for enabling the `ha` field in the `RolloutManager` CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: RolloutManager
metadata:
  name: argo-rollouts
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  ha:
    enabled: true #<1>
----
<1> Specifies whether high availability is enabled or not. If the value is set to `true`, high availability is enabled.

. Click *Create*.

> . In the *RolloutManager* tab, under the *RolloutManagers* section, verify that the *Status* field of the RolloutManager instance shows as *Phase: Available*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *RolloutManager* tab, under the *RolloutManagers* section, verify that the *Status* field of the RolloutManager instance shows *Phase: Available*.
```

Author: Fixed.

. Verify the status of the Rollouts deployment by completing the following steps:
.. In the *Administrator* perspective, click *Workloads* -> *Deployments*.
.. Click the *argo-rollouts* deployment.
+

> As a result, the number of replicas in the Rollouts Deployment is set to 2 in the *Details* tab. Also, the following configuration is displayed in the *YAML* tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Click the *Details* tab and confirm that the number of replicas in the Rollouts deployment is now set to 2. 
.. Click the *YAML* tab and confirm that the following configuration is displayed:
```

Author: Thanks for providing additional clarity here. Fixed.

+

> .Example for the Argo Rollouts deployment for enabling high availability in the Deployments page

Reviewer 2: I think this title is a bit too long. I'd suggest something simpler, like:

```suggestion
.Example Argo Rollouts deployment configuration file
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/enabling-ha-support-for-argo-rollouts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-configuring-high-availability-for-argo-rollouts_{context}"]
= Configuring high availability for Argo Rollouts

> To enable high availability, configure the `ha` specification in the `RolloutManager` CR by completing the following steps:

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

.  Log in to the {OCP} web console as a cluster administrator. 

. In the *Administrator* perspective, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Create or select the project where you want to create and configure a `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR) from the *Project* drop-down menu.

Author: Fixed.

> . Select *{gitops-title}* from the installed operators.

Author: Fixed.

. In the *Details* tab, under the *Provided APIs* section, click *Create instance* in the *RolloutManager* pane.

. On the *Create RolloutManager* page, select the *YAML view* and edit the YAML.
+
.Example for enabling the `ha` field in the `RolloutManager` CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: RolloutManager
metadata:

>   name: argo-rollouts

Author: Fixed, thanks for explaining the reason behind this change and providing the correct YAML code snippet.

  labels:
    example: basic
spec:

>   ha: #<1>

Author: Fixed.

>     enabled:true

Author: Fixed.
